Mr. SHREYAS PANDYA
Mo.: 9764779809
E-Mail: mail@shreyaspandya.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Contribute my best for the betterment of the entire humankind.

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE:
      o.  python language
      o.  javascript
      o.  Django framework
      o.  javascript MVC framworks: Backbone.js, Angular.js
      o.  basic css and web design implementaion using bootstrap.css
      o.  Linux/Ubuntu (user management, file permissions, package management, server configurations)
      o.  sql 
      o.  mongodb
      o.  git

OTHER TOOLS/PLATFORMS/FRAMEWORKS:
      o.  Google App Engine
      o.  Amazon AWS:
	    familiarity with amazon ec2,s3 etc services
      o.  various Javascript libraries. eg. underscore.js, backbone.js, jquery.js 
      o.  REST api development
      o.  server virtualization using xen hypervisor
      o.  User Experience design and Gamification

WORKING EXPERIENCE:
      1. Software development consultant at Infogrid Pacific pvt.ltd.(Nov,2011-jul,2012)
      2. IT Analyst at Searce Cosourcing (Jul,2012-present)

PROJECTS:
      o.  Applicant tracking system
           using google app engine, javascript(backbonejs)
          My Role:
           Research current trends in recruitment industry. Based on that come up with the
           set of requirement for next generation recruitment software and present it to
           stack holders for acceptance. Then implement the requirement.

      o.  Tariff Management System
           using Django, mysql, AWS-S3
          My Role:
           Understand the business requirement from business analyst and come up with the
           solution using technology. If needed negotiate the requirement and suggest alternative
           solutions.

      o.  Distribution Manager
           using Django, postgresql
          My Role:
           Understand the technical requirement and implement it

      o.  Content Fullfillment system
           using Django, postgresql
          My Role:
           Understand the technical requirement and implement it

      o.  Server automation and remote server management system:
           It is IAAS model of cloud computing developed for mistcloud web services 
           pvt.ltd. It is built using open source softwares only. It involved use of linux env-
           ironment as programming platform, python, php, as programming language and little use
           of c,c++. Also, server virtualization technology, extensive use of networking concepts 
           and storage area network and web technologies are involved.

      o.  Sflow protocol for network automation:
           modified the implementation of sflow protocol to integrate with the data-base. 

ACADEMICS:
       B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engg.
       College:   Nirma Institute of Technology, Ahmedabad,Gujarat
       Cumulative Performance Index: - 6.87 / 10
       year of completion: 2011
       
       10+2 with 84.8% completed in 2007
       10th with 75%   completed in 2005


PERSONAL PROFILE:
      Name: Shreyas Pandya
      present address: 6-Amey, plot-9, Vardayini society,sus pashan road, pune,maharashtra
      Permanent Address: 47,Vakil chowk,Kodinar,dist:Junagadh,gujarat,pin:362720
      Date of birth: 26th  February, 1990

