Mr. SHREYAS PANDYA
Mo.: +91-9429440445, 9764779809
E-Mail: pandyashreyas1@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Contribute my best for the betterment of the entire humankind.

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE:
      o.  Django framework for web development
      o.  python scripting
      o.  c,c++
      o.  Networking
      o.  Linux (basic administartion and networking)
      o.  web2 technologies (conceptual knowledge of web2 paradigm)

OTHER TECHNICAL SKILLS:
      o.  cloud computing:
            good understanding of SAAS,PASS and IAAS model of cloud computing
      o.  Amazon AWS:
	    familiarity with amazon ec2,s3 etc services
      o.  Google app engine:
	    familiar with google app engine hosting services
      o.  Javascript,Ajax:
            basic understanding of js,ajax,and jquery library
      o.  cgi/WSGI
      o.  web service development(ws-* standerds)
      o.  REST api,SOAP api,WSDL,WADL
      o.  Open source enthusiast
      o.  server virtualization using xen hypervisor
      o.  high availability and load balancing concepts

WORKING EXPERIENCE:
      1. Software development consultant at Infogrid Pacific pvt.ltd.(Nov,2011-ongoing)

ACADEMICS:
       B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engg.
       College:   Nirma Institute of Technology, Ahmedabad,Gujarat
       Cumulative Performance Index: - 6.87 / 10
       year of completion: 2011
       
       10+2 with 84.8% completed in 2007
       10th with 75%   completed in 2005

ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
      o.  Server automation and remote server management system:
           It is IAAS model of cloud computing developed for mistcloud web services 
           pvt.ltd. It is built using open source softwares only. It involved use of linux env-
           ironment as programming platform, python, php, as programming language and little use
           of c,c++. Also, server virtualization technology, extensive use of networking concepts 
           and storage area network and web technologies are involved.
      o.  Sflow protocol for network automation:
           modified the implementation of sflow protocol to integrate with the data-base. 
      o.  Stepper motor control using microcontroller
      o.  Microcontroller based FM and Morse code decoder
      o.  Mobile detector with range of ten meters
      o.  enhanced MPEG4-ALS lossless compression for speech

TECHNICAL INTERESTS: 
      o.  Programming
      o.  Computer Networking
      o.  Computer Science

OTHER INTERESTS:
      o.  Mathematics
      o.  Physics
      o.  History of world,ancient civilizations,world war-II, etc.
      o.  General Science in daily day life. ("How stuff works" kind of curiosity)

PERSONAL PROFILE:
      Name: Shreyas Pandya
      present address: B-2,flat-no.14,Gangapuram society, viman nagar, pune,maharashtra
      Permanent Address: 47,Vakil chowk,Kodinar,dist:Junagadh,gujarat,pin:362720
      Date of birth: 26th  February, 1990
      Gender: Male
      Marital status: Single
      Nationality: Indian
      Known languages: English,Hindi, Gujarati.

HOBBIES:
      o.  web surfing
      o.  Traveling and doing adventure sports.

DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Shreyas pandya


